The Git Times — Sunday, July 5, 2026
Developer's Guide to Running State-of-the-Art LLMs on Consumer Hardware
Detailed blueprint reveals how to deploy massive models locally using consumer GPUs and eBay-sourced components
AI: OpenClaw’s latest release fixes cross-platform messaging reliability
Robotics: Robot Descriptions v2.0 standardizes metadata and adds loader flexibility
Cyber: Airgeddon Bash Script Adds 6GHz Wi-Fi Support in Latest Release
Systems: Netdata's Per-Second Monitoring Gains Real-Time AI Anomaly Detection
DIY: RealSense SDK adds close-range depth boost for Jetson drones
GameDev: Revelation Shaderpack Refines Minecraft Lighting with PBR and HDR Support
"Technology is a gift of God. After the gift of life it is perhaps the greatest of God's gifts."
Read today's edition — gittimes.com